[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Dr. John
Mack ventured his reputation
while serving as head of
clinical psychology at Harvard
to research the phenomena
of alien abduction.
He concluded that
there were far too
many similar experiences
to dismiss it as fact.
Like Mack, Laurie McDonald
has devoted decades
as a hypnotherapist
to uncovering
what lies in the
subconscious of people
who believe they've had these
experiences, and she's with us
today.
And what a tale we have.
Your own personal tale,
just to start out, is wild.
Welcome, Laurie.
>>LAURIE MCDONALD: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I'm glad we
finally have you on the set.
>>MCDONALD: Happy to be here.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So you have-- you're a
master hypnotherapist,
and you're on
other-- jeez, I think
you're on the Travel
Channel, Discovery Channel.
A lot of people are now, and
a lot of production companies
and audiences are now very
interested in the phenomena
we call alien abduction.
But what I really like
about you is a lot of people
try to trump it up a bit
without acknowledging some
of the more honest parts of it.
And you don't
sugarcoat anything.
>>MCDONALD: No.
>>REGINA: She doesn't
sugarcoat anything.
I'm telling you that right now.
So we're going to talk
about it for the good, bad,
and, well, for the warts
and all, let's just say.
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So first of
all, let's let people
get to know you a little bit.
>>MCDONALD: Sure.
>>REGINA: I think
this is important,
because you wouldn't be doing
this-- there's some underlying
reason for it.
So let's get into your story--
>>MCDONALD: True.
>>REGINA: --starting--
because I know your story,
so we're going to have
you share with others--
starting with your
mother's pregnancy before
you even burst onto this planet.
>>MCDONALD: OK.
I'm a clinical hypnotherapist.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MCDONALD: And
yes, it was in 1963.
My mother had experienced what I
would refer to as the abduction
phenomena.
She said that for the nine
months that she was pregnant,
small little
extraterrestrial beings
would come and take her away.
And she was disturbed by this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
And so she told her
doctor, and her doctor
sent her to a therapist who
sent her to a psychiatrist.
And all of them said, you're
seemingly healthy in every way,
but you can't talk about
extraterrestrials or aliens
because people will
think you're crazy.
You're nine months
pregnant, and you
will risk having your
other children taken away.
And this terrified
her enough that she
started to write
everything in a journal.
And then, when I was
50, we got a phone
call after a little show
called "Topic UFO" aired.
And she had seen it and
recognized me and called me up.
>>REGINA: Well, there's
a big missing gap here.
You weren't born yet,
and now you're 50.
And we're going to get to what
happened in between there.
>>MCDONALD: OK.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's do that, because your
mom didn't bond with you.
There was a lot of
weird stuff that
happened around your birth,
and this is really important.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, she
explained quite a bit of that.
Yeah, she asked me
when she called, do you
want to hear the
story of your birth?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: And so I said I did
and put the phone on speaker,
called my husband over.
We sat down, and I told
her, yeah, go ahead.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
your birth and everything
that happened after that.
>>MCDONALD: So on the
19th of September,
she had gone out
early in the morning,
sixish, to sit in the backyard
and to sit in a lounge chair.
She was hot.
She went out there, and
she said all of a sudden,
two small extraterrestrials
appeared on either side.
She felt like she was
starting to stand up,
and she moved with them
through the apple orchard.
She said she experienced
a time distortion.
And she knew that her feet
weren't actually touching
the ground, but she was standing
upright and moving forward.
When she got to the center
of the apple orchard,
that's where the
tractors during harvest
create a big circle
for clearing the trees
and moving the tractors around.
There was a UFO
hovering above that.
As she looked up at
it, she instantly
felt that she was in the craft.
She said her first
recognition of anything
or her first attention
was drawn to the fact
that her feet all of a
sudden felt very cold.
And she looked down and noticed
a sheen on a metal floor.
After that, they brought
her into another room,
and later on a
table, a table that
apparently looked very much like
probably a 1950s ironing board.
She said that there were
extraterrestrials behind her
and down at her feet.
They had inserted
something through the navel
and then also through the nose.
She said she heard a
popping in her head.
It sounded like one of
those Christmas poppers
>>REGINA: Poppers.
Yeah, the British poppers.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, that you pull.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
Well, we do that in Canada too.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
Canada, that's right.
You're Canadian, that's right.
>>MCDONALD: And she said
it sounded like that.
And she was becoming scared
and starting to tell them,
I'm scared, I'm
scared, I want to go.
And they reassured her that
they weren't interested
in her, that they were just
interested in the baby.
This did not reassure her,
made her more frightened.
She felt very out of
control because she
couldn't move anything or
run or do anything at all.
She went through a
plethora of examinations.
She was abducted probably
every three or four
weeks she said for the
entire nine months.
Sometimes, she would get bigger
glimpses of what was happening.
Sometimes, it would be
more of a residual memory.
Some memories were more clearer.
They always told
her it was the baby.
So when I-- so later that--
after this abduction,
she woke up
in the backyard
crying, partially nude,
bleeding both vaginally
and from the nose.
She was calling for help.
The house where my father and
siblings were, nobody woke up.
Nobody heard anything.
She was calling and calling.
But a neighbor who was
considerably further down
the road than the
house did hear her,
and he came, aroused
the household,
and they brought
her to the hospital
where she labored until
9 o'clock in the morning.
So it was exactly at 9
o'clock in the morning
on the 19th of the ninth
month in 1963 that I was born.
And both my mom and my dad have
very black hair, brown eyes.
They're very short.
My mom's like 5-1.
I am--
>>REGINA: You have blue eyes.
You're fair.
You're tall.
Genetically, you don't really
resemble them, I take it?
>>MCDONALD: And I used
to be blonde for real.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Now you're still
blonde, it's just by choice.
>>MCDONALD: That's right.
I'm just keeping it up.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: So
that was startling.
But she had a very difficult
time bonding with me.
I wouldn't breastfeed.
I couldn't lay
down at all, ever.
I would always have to
be in an upright position
or I would choke.
And she couldn't feed cow milk.
I think I was like the
first soy baby in Canada.
>>REGINA: Right.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCDONALD: And
even that was gross.
But she still had a
very difficult time
and had no interest.
>>REGINA: Now, she had
bonded with your siblings?
>>MCDONALD: Yes, she did.
>>REGINA: And she
was a good mom?
>>MCDONALD: Eh--
>>REGINA: Kind of?
>>MCDONALD: I mean,
I don't really know.
>>REGINA: But she
bonded with them.
>>MCDONALD: She
>>REGINA: It wasn't like she
didn't bond with anybody.
>>MCDONALD: No she
didn't bond with me.
>>REGINA: She does
didn't bond with you.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, yeah.
She did not want me.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCDONALD: And gave me up.
She-- first with the relatives,
and then into foster care.
And she was very sorry
when she told me.
She said that when she
saw all of the work
that I've done for 25 years,
she said if there is a support
group like I run for
her back in 1963,
things might have
been different.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCDONALD: But nobody listened.
Nobody believed her.
She was alone.
She was scared.
And it was a topic
that was so out there.
And having a support group, she
said, would have helped her.
So she saw and heard
about the support group
on that little TV
show and had to let
me know the story of my birth.
I had no idea at all that--
>>REGINA: And you hadn't been
in contact with your mom since.
>>MCDONALD: Wouldn't have
recognized her on the street.
I saw her I think when I was
like eight-ish and maybe one
time after, then later again.
But through all my childhood,
teen years and everything,
wouldn't have recognized her.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
She-- there was no attempt
to stay in touch with you.
>>MCDONALD: None.
>>REGINA: And again, you
say in the 1960s, which
is interesting, because
a few days ago I
had Paul Hynek on
the set, and we
were doing an interview
regarding Project Blue
Book and his dad Alan Hynek, who
was there to essentially help
cover up the various experiences
people were having in
the late '50s and early '60s.
His job was working on
behalf of the government
to say, oh, please analyze this.
Oh, by the way, let them
know it was a weather
balloon in the end, will you?
Wink-wink.
And it was very
challenging for him,
and he took another
position ultimately.
But this discrediting of
people back in the day.
And so your mom--
>>MCDONALD: Look
what it did to her.
>>REGINA: It shattered her.
Obviously, she felt--
>>MCDONALD: It affected
my life as well.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>MCDONALD: I might have
been raised in a family.
>>REGINA: Right.
And do you think
that this gave you
a certain bit of grist, being
bounced around like you were?
Because you seem-- you seem--
we all have our stuff--
you seem like you came out of
it very committed, very clear
and confident,
generally speaking.
>>MCDONALD: I was born this way.
I was.
And I've always had a good
compass for right and wrong.
And I'm very non-judgemental.
I think that people do
things for different reasons,
and we might not ever
know what we might do.
And a lot of people
deserve second chances
and fresh starts,
new opportunities.
So I've always had that sort
of non-judgemental aspect,
and that's really helped.
But I could-- using that compass
to know right from wrong,
my inner voice would just
say, that's not right.
It's too bad that's happening,
but one day I'll be 18
and I'll make my own life.
Until then, I basically have
no power, which was the truth.
And I couldn't wait.
>>REGINA: Till you're 18
and you had the power.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
18, I bought a house and
continued my education
and started a life, exactly
what I wanted to do.
Or maybe it was what
I wanted to have.
But absolutely, I could
tell right from wrong.
And so I didn't
take it personally.
I think that makes
a big difference.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MCDONALD: When somebody
else is vomiting their drama
all over you, it's sometimes
hard not to take it personally.
But it's also very easy
to see that it's them.
So we can control
our own reaction,
stay within our own power.
We're unaffected.
I'm not going to say that I
went through it all unaffected.
I did a ton of emotional
clearing work by the time
I was 30.
>>REGINA: Now, one
thing that happened
is, after you found
out all of this,
you went back and started
doing research, as you do,
and you started doing
research in that region.
Was there any-- were
there sightings?
Was there UFO activity
and so forth--
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --around that time
surrounding your mother's
pregnancy and birth?
And you did find something.
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
Yes.
I went right to it
probably by the time I--
before I even hung up the phone,
I was thinking, what can I do?
Where can I look?
But absolutely, there
were numerous reportings
of UFOs over Michigan,
the Detroit metro area.
We lived in Windsor,
Ontario, which
is one mile from Detroit
metro, basically a bridge.
And Ohio, the tri-state area.
So during '63 to
1968, there was what
you would call cluster
sightings of UFOs
all through that region.
But the interesting
thing that I did find out
about that, Windsor, Ontario, on
the Great Lakes, is near what--
is Algonquin Park.
Algonquins are
indigenous people,
are First Nation
people of Canada.
Algonquins are directly
related to the and Anunnaki.
And the Anunnaki, of course,
during Mesopotamian Sumerian
were the sky gods.
They called them that.
And so the Algonquin
Indians and the Anunnaki
are somehow connected.
And I found that
very interesting,
because in all of the
research that I've done,
the most tangible is the
research around the Anunnaki.
And we can say greys and
reptiles and reptilian aliens
and dracos and everything else.
But it's the Anunnaki that
were written about in history.
It's the Anunnaki that we
have depictions of that
are thousands of years old.
And so those extraterrestrials--
and they're clearly ETs.
Nobody's ever claimed they
weren't, and nobody's ever--
well, some people may have
claimed they didn't exist,
but that would be ridiculous.
>>REGINA: Right.
So now let's forward it.
Now you've escaped.
You're 18 years old.
You're on your own.
You're educating--
you're becoming educated.
What ultimately took you into
hypnotherapy first and then
specifically into
abduction phenomena?
Because it seemed like--
seems as though you were
born to do this, literally.
>>MCDONALD: I was going to--
I know.
I was going to be a
psychologist or a psychiatrist.
That's where my
education was taking me.
And something about
their philosophy
didn't sit right with me.
Do you pay a psychologist
$200 an hour,
and all she is
going to say-- well,
how does that make you feel?
They already know how they feel.
They're coming to an expert.
They want some answers.
So I started to think that that
wasn't the right path for me.
But I felt a desire
to be in service.
I felt compassion,
mercy, and pity,
and for a lot of situations.
And I wanted to teach
people how to self-correct,
to begin to heal.
And somebody suggested,
why don't you
try this hypnotherapy?
I tried a hypnotherapy session.
It was unbelievable.
So I went, and it
was very powerful.
And I said OK,
that's what I'll do.
>>REGINA: What was the
subject of your first session?
What started
bubbling up for you?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I was
already doing field research.
I was setting cameras
up all around Sacramento
and trying to gain--
because back then,
you know, show us
all a video, then
we'll believe you.
And you make the video, and they
say, well, that's Photoshopped,
even before Photoshop.
>>REGINA: So you'd
already developed
an interest in the paranormal
and also UFOs and such.
>>MCDONALD: Well, not the
paranormal as much as UFOs.
Well, I would say UFOs, and
then a higher spirituality.
That was my interest, something
that supersedes the known gods.
That's what I was interested in.
And the paranormal
stuff, it just
bleeds through, so you
get involved in it.
But yeah, it was the UFO thing.
I had seen things.
And then I'd found out
later, during this research,
that my grandmother,
back in 1939,
had come out of the farm house--
she had a basket of
laundry hooked on her hip.
She went around the back
to pin it on the line,
and they're over
the corn fields--
corn was cropped.
It was already fall.
She said she saw a UFO.
And she watched it, and she
held tight to the basket
because they had those
old ringer machines
and she didn't want to have
to do the laundry again.
So she almost dropped it,
but she made sure she didn't.
She kept her eye on the UFO,
and it wobbled and then shot
straight out.
And she kept that secret
and then found out
that there were others--
>>REGINA: Was this your mother's
mother or your father's mother?
>>MCDONALD: My father's.
>>REGINA: Your father's mother.
OK.
So both sides.
>>MCDONALD: And so yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So how old were you
when you found out
about your
grandmother's incident?
>>MCDONALD: Old.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: All right.
You were already up there.
>>MCDONALD: I'm already old.
I was up there.
Yeah, she didn't talk about it.
>>REGINA: Why did you develop an
interest in UFOs yourself then
and start trying to
film them and so forth?
>>MCDONALD: Because I saw one.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about that.
Where did you see it?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I saw--
well, I saw a UFO
when I was six.
And I used to play
out in this big field.
We'd build forts out there.
And one day, I saw a UFO.
I wasn't sure what it was,
and I didn't call it a UFO.
I think we called
it a spaceship.
And the next day, I went
back to where we had seen it,
and there were tape
all around the area.
We weren't allowed to
get into the field.
And they had dug
this gigantic hole,
and the dirt had
been pushed way up.
And I went underneath the
tape and climbed up the dirt
and looked down, and I didn't
actually see the UFO in there,
but I saw all these
people working that didn't
look like regular worker guys.
And one of them saw me, and so
I ran, like any kid would do.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>MCDONALD: I ran,
and I ran fast.
But I know intuitively at that
point that something was up.
Then, two years later,
we had told the adults
who were caring for us that we
were going to pitch a pup tent
and sleep in the tent--
I was eight-- in the backyard.
But that wasn't the plan.
The real plan was to sneak out
and to go down to Jackson Park
where there was a
carnival and walk around
the carnival at night time.
And actually, I got
separated from everyone,
and I walked to the
edge of the carnival.
And I remember standing
just looking out
into the darkness of
the park, and I was
beginning to make out shapes.
And then two grays
walked forward,
and they beckoned to me.
And without hesitation,
I walked towards them.
And I remember going down a
ramp and then entering what
must have been a spacecraft.
Everything was highly
polished, and the sheen--
again, my mom said
it's bright in there.
Even though the colors
are dull, there's
a brightness to
the sheen in them.
And there was a sphere of light.
And the ET, a gray, picked it
up, and they brought it to me,
and they handed it to me.
And they placed it in my
hands, and I started to shake,
because whatever it
was, it was alive.
And I felt that.
And the colors began to change,
and there was internal sparks
of energy inside of it.
And they came and took
it away, and that's
all I remember about that.
But after that, I
glimpsed certain things
and was very interested
in the night sky.
It wouldn't have
been odd for them
to find me out in the
backyard in the middle
of the night, head tilted
back, eyes wide, transfixed.
>>REGINA: Well, we were talking
at lunch today before we were
doing the show, and you were
talking about how you would
tape lines on the windows
and you'd have little--
>>MCDONALD: I created a grid--
>>REGINA: Yeah, a grid.
>>MCDONALD: --so that I could--
with string and tacks and
tape, I created a grid
so that I could chart the
movement of planets as they--
>>REGINA: And you were 10.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, as they moved
through the constellations.
And there were a couple
of constellations
that I was very
interested in as a child.
>>REGINA: Which ones?
>>MCDONALD: Orion
was one of them.
But I always searched the night
sky for the Pleiadian stars.
>>REGINA: Pleiadian, yeah.
>>MCDONALD: That was
what I was interested in.
I liked other things
as a kid, but--
>>REGINA: This was your thing.
>>MCDONALD: That was my thing.
>>REGINA: So this-- obviously,
I think people get the drift now
that you were born
into the-- you
came into this incarnation
maybe groomed, maybe watched.
Who knows what your DNA is.
I don't know if you've had
any of that done, but--
>>MCDONALD: I won't.
>>REGINA: Yeah don't.
Don't bother.
You don't need to.
And so the point is you came
in to do this very thing.
>>MCDONALD: I believe I have.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
totally believe you have.
And you're here to help
many other people who've
had similar experiences, and
some who may believe they have,
and some who are just flat
delusional and even mentally
ill.
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So when
you started working
with people in
hypnotherapy, when
did the whole
abduction phenomena
start popping through?
>>MCDONALD: On
the day of finals.
[LAUGHTER]
I was-- we had to do a
live regression in front
of a panel of four judges.
I had been a master
hypnotist, and then I
was teaching
hypnotherapy, as opposed
to just hypnosis, the
therapy aspect of it
And so it was a simple session.
It was just really to
see if I could regress,
do the topic that the
subject was interested in,
and then count them
back up appropriately.
And as I counted him
down, everything was cool.
And this young man was
very interested in finding
some creativity that
he felt was suppressed.
I believe he was a musician.
And he wanted to unblock
that and find his stuff.
So that was cool.
We decided to go look for that.
And all of a sudden,
he spontaneously
regressed to a 10-year-old.
And he's with his family,
and they're camping.
And him and his brother see
a UFO land and the door open
and two occupants come out.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: How'd the panel feel?
>>MCDONALD: Well, they were
cool right up until I asked,
what did the
occupants look like?
In that moment, a softball
size sphere of light
appeared, physically
manifested into the room
at forehead level, zipped
down his body, disappeared--
>>REGINA: Did anyone
see it beside you?
>>MCDONALD: I turned around,
looked over my shoulder
at the judges, mouth open.
They're like--
>>REGINA: So they all saw it.
>>MCDONALD: Two.
Two were writing.
Two saw it.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MCDONALD: And me.
And she's indicating
to me, well,
go, you have to keep
going, because I'm like,
you guys see that?
And they're like, you've
got somebody under.
Keep working.
So I asked the question
again, and he said, what?
We're not camping.
And he-- mind was wiped.
He had no recollection--
>>REGINA: After the ball came.
>>MCDONALD: After the
ball of light came.
>>REGINA: So they
weren't to reveal--
he wasn't to reveal that.
>>MCDONALD: But they
were taking notes.
Everybody heard him say it.
They saw it.
And, well, I got a
reputation then, Regina.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I bet you did.
>>MCDONALD: I might have
already had one for-- no.
>>REGINA: If there was weird
stuff, send them to Laurie.
>>MCDONALD: If there were
UFOs or aliens involved, yeah.
Well, yes, that was--
>>REGINA: So you've been
dealing with it since day one.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's look at the
phenomena itself.
What I loved about John Mack's
work, besides the fact that he
was brave enough to agree
to do it, was he said,
no, there's something
going on here.
Too many people are having
the exact same experience
and coming away with the same
feelings or enhanced abilities
and so forth.
So let's talk about
what you normally
see, because you
say there are five
different types of abductions.
>>MCDONALD: Of abduction, yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So let's talk about
it on a basic level.
And then, I'd love for you to
share maybe a story or two.
>>MCDONALD: We have
thousands of those.
>>REGINA: I know you do.
Just pick a couple favorites
that illustrate this.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, there are
many forms of abduction.
And it depends on who
the abductors are.
I believe there are about six
or seven major abductor races.
>>REGINA: And you want
to tell us who this are?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
A race of blues.
>>REGINA: And what are--
where are they from?
What's the deal with them?
>>MCDONALD: We don't know
where anyone is from.
I can speculate.
I believe that
the abductor races
exist within the red
dwarf star systems which
do vibrate at a different
frequency than the planet.
They're outside our vision.
They have a longer,
slower wave of energy.
So when a person
is outside at night
and they look up at the sky,
for every star they see,
there are four or five red
dwarf stars around them
that we can't see.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
because we're only seeing
our perceptual dimension.
>>MCDONALD: Exactly.
And I believe that
all of them are
on our side of the
Milky Way within
that particular bandwidth or
frequency within the red dwarf
star system.
So the short grays, tall greys,
the reptilians, the blues,
the tall whites, and
the mantis beings.
Now, there is a hierarchy
among the races.
>>REGINA: What's the hierarchy?
>>MCDONALD: So the blues,
they're squat, short.
They walk funny.
The first time I saw
one, honest to God,
I thought, that's one ugly--
>>REGINA: Like a little
troll or something.
>>MCDONALD: Like a Smurf.
>>REGINA: A Smurf.
>>MCDONALD: No hat,
but blue like a Smurf.
And he lumbered, and he was
like the same width as height,
practically-- not precisely.
And I thought, man, he's
awkward and maybe deformed,
and certainly ugly.
And I thought, wow, that child
really needs to be loved.
And I actually picked it
up, dropped it on my hip
like you would a child, and then
just felt this intense anger
from probably like
a 1,000 year old--
>>REGINA: Yeah, entity.
>>MCDONALD: Entity.
Faux pas.
[LAUGHTER]
I made a mistake.
There was a tall gray
who actually spoke over
my head outside of
my telepathy ability
to the blue to explain
that it was a mistake.
I insulted it.
So I guess some of them
do have emotional energy.
So blues.
>>REGINA: And
they're at the top?
>>MCDONALD: No.
>>REGINA: Or the
bottom, or where?
>>MCDONALD: They
work with the grays.
>>REGINA: They work
with the grays, OK.
>>MCDONALD: The short
grays, which are half bot.
They're not full sentient
beings like the taller grays.
They work with-- the
blues and the short grays
are like the workforce, tall
greys, kind of management.
And then you have corporate,
which we're looking
at reptilian, and mantis.
The mantis are very
interesting, very hive minded,
very connected.
So part of my work as
just being a researcher
and understanding the races,
the abduction phenomena,
but the effects on the
subject's consciousness, how
that changes them, what makes
them different, and why them.
That's very curious to me, and
I'd like to get those answers.
So I want to try to do
psychological profiling based
on the witness accounts
with the specific entities.
>>REGINA: Did you say
tall whites as well?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, I did.
>>REGINA: OK, tall
whites as well.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, tall
whites are up there.
They are more-- they
have full families.
They can be in a relationship.
That can have children.
And they have a different
biology than us,
but they can survive
on our planet.
>>REGINA: Well, there have been
a lot of accounts of them--
>>MCDONALD: In New Mexico.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in New Mexico.
>>MCDONALD: Indian Springs.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
Charles Hall.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
Charles Hall stuff.
Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now, when-- so
you don't know.
When you first
start with a person,
are they generally
able to identify
the kind of being that
they're interfacing--
they've been interfacing with?
>>MCDONALD: Before I even
ask them anything like that,
I do a full-blown
intake interview.
I get to know them to
the best of my ability
by asking very specific
questions that will give me
insight into their psyche.
So it helps me determine
where they're coming from.
And then, after a good
hour, or more sometimes,
then I let them
tell their story.
>>REGINA: So now, at this
point, can you tell--
is this where you can discern
whether some people are just
in it for the
phenomena or they've
seen something and
they're making it up
or whether they're mentally ill?
>>MCDONALD: I get a really
good idea at that point.
If the person's healthy,
I believe they're solid,
I'll continue and do
a regression session.
If at that point--
and it does happen--
I find that they're exhibiting
symptoms of schizophrenia
or some type of hallucinations,
auditory hallucinations,
they hear voices in their head,
but they don't see things--
some people, the
way they express
themselves is very important.
That's why culture, religion,
how a person is raised,
their core belief system is
very important in the way they
express the experience.
So somebody maybe from
Venezuela would not
express it the same
way as somebody in--
>>REGINA: Des Moines.
>>MCDONALD: --Cambodia,
or Des Moines even maybe.
But say-- well,
culturally in America,
there are some similarities.
So most of-- at least
some of the older cases
were all within
the gray ET range,
whereas in South America, it
might be more of a Chupacabra.
In the Middle East,
it's the Jinn.
In China, it's the Jinn.
In the UK, they're more
prone to see something that
would look like a Pleiadian.
So all of these
factors have to be
weighed in as I'm
listening to the way they
express themselves.
And yeah, some
people, I have to say
that I need to refer
you to somebody who
can help you better than I can.
>>REGINA: Oh, I see.
>>MCDONALD: And that a
regression at this time
I don't feel would serve
their highest purpose.
And with that, I can refer them.
I work in a clinic.
We have multiple practitioners.
And they can just
go down the hall
or find somebody
else more suited.
And I also have referrals
from psychologists
who send me people who have
extraterrestrial stuff.
And that's new.
That's only been in
the last five years.
I've never had that
happen in my career
before where doctors were
believing their patient
and then sending them to me and
not a psychiatrist for meds.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
That's quite-- that's
very progressive.
>>MCDONALD: That's very
progressive, very progressive.
>>REGINA: So we can do a
couple different things here.
When you're speaking,
for example-- because you
go all over the world.
You've done
regressions all over.
>>MCDONALD: I have.
>>REGINA: You get the group
psychology around abduction
phenomena in a number of
countries, in Southeast
Asia, China, and so forth.
So is there a sense of the
type of experience regionally?
For example-- because I
know you've been to Vietnam
and Cambodia and such--
is there a kind of
experience they have?
Launch into your stories there.
There are some good ones.
And I want to know if there's
a kind of experience they have
there that's a hallmark of that
region compared to a hallmark
experience in the
States, for example.
>>MCDONALD: So during
Vietnam, off the Ho Chi Minh
Trail near a village called
Cam Lo, there was a battle.
We were fighting the
Cong, the Viet Cong.
But one night, we
joined together.
The Viet Cong and the
American troops fought UFOs.
We believe, and I've come
to the conclusion for now,
that a portal was
accidentally opened.
These UFOs come flying
out of it freaked out,
and now everybody's
firing on them.
The battle raged all night long.
Smoke all over.
>>REGINA: First, how did
you find out about this?
>>MCDONALD: A client was there.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>MCDONALD: Because
after that happened--
and General Brown, who oversaw
this, called a press release.
He called for a press release.
And he told them
about everything.
And ABC, NBC, and CBS all
chose to shut that story down,
and they did not publish.
>>REGINA: That's normal.
>>MCDONALD: That's normal.
It's crazy, but--
>>REGINA: When I
was a news anchor,
when those would come
across writers or whomever--
>>MCDONALD: And they'd be like--
>>REGINA: We were never
allowed to report it.
>>MCDONALD: But it's a general.
How much more
credible can you get?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: But some of the
men, and particularly two that I
work with--
one was sent down,
and his job was
to watch if the enemy
began to come forward.
He was to run up,
tell a sergeant.
The Sergeant was then
going to move the line.
He said he went down to do
his duty, and all of a sudden,
for no reason at all, he just
laid down and fell asleep.
I went, well, what do you mean?
You topped up against a tree,
pulled your helmet down,
and had a nap?
And he said, no.
I went down on my knees, I
fell forward, and I was out.
And all of a sudden,
I woke up, and I
was scared, really scared.
And he radioed, and he ran,
and he told his sergeant.
They started to
line up and move.
They were 150 in the troop.
They were going through
to the next spot.
And they passed what he
said was a giant insect.
And it was about the size of a
car, like a small Volkswagen.
And it was an insect
extraterrestrial,
and it terrified him.
He suppressed it--
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>MCDONALD: --but had
nightmares and memories.
His nightmares and
memories about Vietnam
were not fighting the war.
>>REGINA: It was
fighting insect aliens.
>>MCDONALD: It was
seeing these insectoids,
which was a very unusual story.
>>REGINA: Not a mantis?
>>MCDONALD: Not a mantis.
>>REGINA: Another type.
>>MCDONALD: Huge.
Mantis are very tall, but thin.
And these were like an
actual giant-sized bug.
So I speculated here, for sure.
I'm wondering, is it
possible that the portal that
was opened into a dimension
is a giant dimension where
everything's that big?
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>MCDONALD: Maybe
people are 18 feet,
and their bugs are
the size of a car.
>>REGINA: Conceivable.
>>MCDONALD: I think
that's possible.
>>REGINA: And I
have to say, just
to validate what you're
saying, I went out
with Stephen Greer's
group a couple of times
for the week out in the field.
And there were various
things that were interesting.
But one of the things that I
kept personally experiencing
were slightly phased-off
craft, where I could see them.
I could see them when we
would meditate and so forth.
I could see them, and I
could explain where they were
and what they looked like.
And one actually was
caught the final day
on a digital camera, which
were just introduced.
This was 20 years ago, so it was
fairly new digital photography.
And I could see them every night
and where they were sitting
and what the craft looked
like and everything
in my inner vision.
And I would explain
it to the group.
And it was finally caught
exactly like that on film.
But the same thing going
out to Crestone later,
and they were craft all behind--
they were looking in the sky.
They were parked in
the field behind us.
Small craft were in
And that's what I kept
saying, is they're here,
they're just slightly phased
off of our spectrum, our ability
to perceive.
>>MCDONALD: They can dip
in and out of frequency
into what I call dark space,
which is outside of our vision.
And so when one
blinks out in the sky,
it's not-- they're not
turning their lights out.
They're really not there.
They're phasing into--
>>REGINA: Shifting
frequency ranges just out
of our perceptual range.
So I'm comfortable with
that because I have
experienced that personally.
But a lot of people,
I think, a lot of us
don't understand that kind
of inner dimensionality.
>>MCDONALD: Well, we all
have the ability to do that.
The human mind is incredible.
The brain itself is
primarily a processor,
just receiving the
information and storing it
into the subconscious mind
based on the emotional impact
of the information.
So something very
exciting is going
to stand out in the
subconscious mind
and you'll be going to
that information first.
Other stuff with lower
impact is based down
into the subconscious as almost
unimportant and sometimes
harder to retrieve.
But at the same time,
we have a higher mind
where we work in the
gamma wave frequency
and we are able to
perceive far more.
I've been a meditator
now for 40 years,
and I think you're
around the same.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>MCDONALD: This
is something that's
been very important to me.
I think that it is
our responsibility
to learn how to
control our minds.
>>REGINA: Well, and to
reach out with our minds.
>>MCDONALD: And to reach out.
>>REGINA: I enjoy reaching out.
And for me, I've had
my own experiences
in more of a laboratory
military setting
with remote viewing
and all that.
>>MCDONALD: [INAUDIBLE]
>>REGINA: And it's just a way--
it's all a lab, right?
It's just a way to understand
we can use the mind
to reach beyond space and time.
>>MCDONALD: It
needs to be taught.
>>REGINA: And should be
taught to kindergartners.
We all have this.
>>MCDONALD: It's a
scanning technique.
So I do teach every client
that comes into the office,
no matter what they
come into the office
for, whether they want to quit
smoking or inner child work--
doesn't matter.
It's very important
that they learn
how to scan inwards
into the physical body
and create assessment
and evaluation
and begin to feel the
different energy as it moves.
>>REGINA: Very important.
>>MCDONALD: So I'll have
somebody, and anyone at home
can try this, but in a
very relaxed state, taking
a couple of deep breaths,
calming down, settling in,
settling down.
If you move the mind, say,
into the soles of the feet,
focus the mind into the
feet in a gentle way,
you'll begin to feel
a stirring of energy
as the mind and
the body connect.
The feet are a good place as a
starting point because then you
can begin to move the energy up.
So I teach people
how to do that.
And once you can
internally scan,
you should learn how to
scan your environment.
So you can walk through
your house in the dark
so that you can also
perceive anomalous activity
or anything that's not
supposed to be there.
When you're very good at doing
it within your own environment,
then by all means, with
the appropriate protocols,
then scan out and connect.
But be careful,
because there are many.
The universe is
teeming with life.
>>REGINA: This is the thing.
>>MCDONALD: We don't
want to connect to--
>>REGINA: I have bumbled
into a couple things I
shouldn't have--
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --by
being irresponsible,
not following any kind of
guidelines, protocols, whatnot.
>>MCDONALD: Well, because
they weren't taught back then.
Nobody was teaching them.
And I'm not even sure
if Steven Greer really--
>>REGINA: No.
>>MCDONALD: --does
that, if he's--
>>REGINA: He wasn't
teaching any of that, no.
>>MCDONALD: There is definitely
a protocol prior to a sky watch
that you should do so that
you're connecting or bringing
the right one.
So an extraterrestrial-human
relationship,
very important that
your relationship is
with a higher frequency being.
I don't have anything
to do with the ones that
are in the abductor races
because they're self-serving.
A lot of people ask me all
the time, are they evil?
No.
It seems that way
because you're so
afraid of what they're
doing, and they're
harvesting genetics.
>>REGINA: Well, imagine
what a chimpanzee
must feel about humans.
>>MCDONALD: Evil.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
They're evil now.
>>MCDONALD: But the
scientist's intent
and his agenda is
scientifically based.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCDONALD: And they're trying.
However, though, I
think that, especially
with the gray hybridization
program, I believe that part
or most of that is for
one particular reason.
Grays live for 700 to 900
years, and then they die.
And that's it.
Now, a human-- and
hue is a measurement.
It's the word we use to measure
the saturation or the depth
of light.
Man is short for
manifestation, which
is to come into the
physical or to be embodied.
A human is a light
and body being.
Race and gender
are subcategories
of the definition of human.
And when you understand
what you are,
you're more capable
of understanding
purpose and mission,
multi-dimensionality,
and your ability to use the mind
to transcend time and space.
Time only on this
planet is linear.
But the mind is like
a spiral of energy.
And it goes up and down.
Nothing is actually linear.
Everything is some sort of
spiral or sphere of energy,
it seems to me.
And this is how they begin to--
this is how we begin
to connect moving up
into that spiral of energy.
We want to connect with the
higher frequency beings.
The other ones, they're not
evil, they just don't care.
They're self-serving.
>>REGINA: So when you say the
hybridization program itself,
is that to be able to--
>>MCDONALD: Hijack--
>>REGINA: Yeah, hijack
those capabilities.
>>MCDONALD: --our ascension.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: Hijack
our ascension.
They die.
We incarnate or reincarnate,
come back into the flesh,
either here or elsewhere, maybe
even another dimension, maybe
on another planet.
The consciousness
is-- our consciousness
as manifested through light
into this particular vessel
is only for experience.
>>REGINA: Right.
Is it possible through
the hybridization program
that the human side
actually is the one that
transcends and transforms--
>>MCDONALD: It is
the human part.
>>REGINA: --that DNA
and is able to take
the hybridized, including
the other species,
into this state
of transcendence.
>>MCDONALD: That's
what they want.
Now, a lot of the
hybrids don't live long.
There's issues with their lungs.
They don't develop correctly.
And the hybrids weren't
living past 12 years old.
And now, this is from a
being that lives 700 to 900,
and us maybe 80-ish,
some longer, some less.
But I believe that
they're trying
to piggyback the ascension,
trying to have basically
an eternal soul that we have.
So it's not about they're so
superior with their technology.
We don't care about technology.
That will come in time.
That will come in time in
its natural progression.
>>REGINA: But the unique
spiritual state of the human--
>>MCDONALD: Is forever.
>>REGINA: Is forever, exactly.
>>MCDONALD: And is already here.
But like we were saying
earlier, we're not taught.
We're not taught how to
use our mind, our body.
We don't understand
the spirit's energy
as a catalyst to propel us
into an expanded consciousness
where we can understand
why we're here.
And a lot of theories calling
our beautiful planet a prison
planet.
>>REGINA: Oh, I hate that.
>>MCDONALD: I reject that--
>>REGINA: I totally
reject that with you.
>>MCDONALD: --with every fiber.
>>REGINA: That is such--
>>MCDONALD: Nonsense.
>>REGINA: --dark thinking--
>>MCDONALD: It's nonsense.
>>REGINA: --and nonsense.
>>MCDONALD: Just nonsense.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
I agree with you.
>>MCDONALD: This is a
beautiful garden planet
of abundance in a
series of garden planets
through the parallel universe.
There are multiple
third-dimensional realities.
And so when the human
leaves the vessel, the body,
we can continue out
into another place,
or we can come back into another
third-dimensional reality--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCDONALD: --or even this
same third-dimensional reality.
>>REGINA: There's choice.
>>MCDONALD: There is a choice.
You might get tricked.
You have to--
>>REGINA: Possibly
along the way.
>>MCDONALD: --be educated.
"Go to the light" not
always the best advice.
There are some deceptions
in that as well.
But understanding
the self, integrating
the different aspects of
our individual psyches,
and then beginning to
explore the outer realms,
beginning to cultivate
relationships
with extraterrestrials.
The relationships that people
are having right now are wrong.
They're all about sex.
Everybody's coming to me.
I've had sex with a reptilian.
I've had sex with a
beautiful Pleiadian.
And it's so good, I
just can't say no.
And I'm like,
sorry, just say no.
Sorry, Nancy Reagan, but--
no.
Sometimes, you've
just got to say no.
>>REGINA: So this is a theme.
>>MCDONALD: This
is a real thing.
This is a real thing.
And it's going back to the
'30s and '40s, where there was
intercourse with--
can I say that?
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Yeah,
you can say that.
It's in the anatomy and the--
>>MCDONALD: OK.
So they're having engagement
with the extraterrestrials.
And in fact, there was a man
that I regressed a little bit
ago.
And he's older.
He's in his 70s.
And he used to live down the
road from Beale Air Force Base.
There's a little gas
station cafe/bar.
His mom and dad ran that place.
And he would pump gas, fill
tires, wipe the bar down.
He was a young guy.
He'd sometimes work
with his mom late.
But all the time, they'd have
to bring the garbage way out
into the back, and they'd
watch for the planes to come.
And for several summers, his
family watched them chase UFOs.
>>REGINA: There were a
lot sightings and activity
over Beale.
>>MCDONALD: Well, there's a
huge underground base there.
They brought Cheney
there on 9/11.
>>REGINA: I didn't know
that, and that's right
in our backyard--
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, huge--
>>REGINA: --both of us.
>>MCDONALD: Huge underground
base right there.
And his family grew up--
the base probably ran right
underneath the gas station.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Well, that explains a lot of
the phenomena out of there,
and even these wild,
deep, guttural sounds
coming from the area.
>>MCDONALD: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Because we hear those.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah,
that's the base.
Now, he said one night a
beautiful, breathtaking woman
walked through his
wall with a gray.
And they were expected to
have sexual relations, which
I believe he did.
Now, he had
suppressed this for--
he didn't suppress it.
He was aware of it.
He just didn't talk
about it for decades.
And then he was
diagnosed with cancer
and created a bucket list.
And on that bucket
list was to come
to a hypnotherapist's office and
find out exactly what happened.
And he was compelling,
emotional, real.
And this was back before
the Betty and Barney Hill.
>>REGINA: Yeah, before it was
a phenomena you read about.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, absolutely.
So he had no information
to draw from.
These are his experiences.
And he carried them
his entire life.
And there's a stigma.
Like my own mother, she
never spoke it again.
She wrote it down,
she shut it down,
and she tried to pretend
it didn't happen.
>>REGINA: Right.
So here we have this-- this
is one common phenomena,
is sexual relations with ETs.
>>MCDONALD:
Especially reptilians.
They're very interested
in our sexuality.
>>REGINA: Well, that was Barbara
Lamb's story as well, that she
had a relationship
and an actual marriage
in another dimension
with a reptilian male.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, and also
Simon over in the UK believes
he's got a--
>>REGINA: Simon Parks?
>>MCDONALD: Simon Parks, yeah.
He has a ET family.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so this isn't uncommon.
>>MCDONALD: Not uncommon.
>>REGINA: Some
high-profile people
have been sharing this
information for a while.
I guess I'm-- so let's
not even go there,
because it's kind of specific
to those individuals.
Let's look at the larger effect.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah,
everybody now--
>>REGINA: What is
this all about?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I
know that a lot of it
is psychological
understanding of
the human, desire-driven
tendencies and so forth,
understanding us.
Unfortunately, they use that
information to manipulate us.
No different than
what I'm doing.
I'm doing psychological
profiling on them,
to be honest, to find their
weakness so that I can exploit
it, so that when we have
that face-to-face, eye-to-eye
contact with an
extraterrestrial,
we're leveling the playing
field just a little bit.
We really need to do that.
We've been the underdog.
We're the infants here.
And now that we're
growing up, some of us
more aware than others,
we have to understand
their intent, their
agendas, and, unfortunately,
their weakness.
We have to understand their
weakness so that we can use it.
So if you're--
>>REGINA: What is a weakness?
>>MCDONALD: Well, praying mant--
or the mantis beings, for
instance, being so hive
minded, what they fear is
being away from the hive.
>>REGINA: So being
separated out--
>>MCDONALD: Being separate.
>>REGINA: --into
individual situations.
>>MCDONALD: Individual
is the word.
They cannot stand
the individuality.
That just freaks them
out beyond belief.
So you find yourself
with a mantis,
and you are an individual.
You're a strong, you're
an empowered person.
You speak your mind.
When they do that intense
stare, they look so deeply
into your eyes as if they could
read your soul, you can like--
and push them back.
You could only do
that if you're feeling
very strong and empowered.
Unfortunately, most
people, when they--
>>REGINA: Are too frightened.
>>MCDONALD: Are too frightened.
So you have to be able
to learn how to control
your emotional energy.
In fact, practicing
equanimity is
important for whatever your
experiences are in life so
that you can be non-reactive and
logical in your thought process
so that you can make the right
decisions that aren't based
on an instant of energetic
burst of fear, insecurity,
whatever it may be.
So equanimity, the
ability to be like that,
is what you'll need when you're
in the presence of an ET.
They don't worry me.
They don't scare me.
I'm just like this.
>>REGINA: Right.
You're you.
>>MCDONALD: You know that.
>>REGINA: But most
people, they're not you.
They're not prepared for this.
Now let's-- we only
have a few minutes left.
>>MCDONALD: Wow.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I know.
It flew.
So if you're dealing
with, say, a little gray,
what is their weakness?
>>MCDONALD: Well,
the little gray,
they've got like zero power.
The second you stop the
program, they're done.
They cannot do anything else.
So the moment you are
no longer compliant--
so they have an ability--
I think they use I want to
say like a delta transmission,
where they take the delta
brainwave and the theta
brainwave and simulate a
sleep state within us that
creates a compliance.
In fact, it's a
loophole in allowing
them to abduct us because
they're really not allowed to.
But we go willingly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
you're in that theta state.
>>MCDONALD: Because
you're in that state.
And so it's a manipulation.
But if for some reason you break
yourself out of that state--
>>REGINA: Say, hey,
knock it off, no.
>>MCDONALD: --what you want to
do is be able to wake yourself
up, become fully lucid--
>>REGINA: Boom.
>>MCDONALD: --and conscious,
being in the beta brainwave,
and then just look at them.
They don't know what you do.
They'll instantly
call in a taller gray.
>>REGINA: And then what happens
when the taller gray comes?
What's their weakness?
>>MCDONALD: Well, their weakness
is the same thing, actually.
It's very similar.
They're all hive-minded
to a certain degree.
But when you tell
them that you're
violating my human rights
and that you're not
allowed to do this,
they must back down.
And the reptilians will too.
Now, the reptilian psychology--
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's
talk about them,
because everyone says
they're a little different.
>>MCDONALD: Well, they're
highly regimented.
And that is our power because
they take commands very easily.
So if you can put yourself
in a position of commanding
and telling them, you
know what, I outrank you,
basically-- that's
what it has to be.
You have to outrank them.
And in that moment,
they literally
do this little bow thing,
and you're free to go.
That's how I take it.
You're free to go.
And that's what you have to do.
>>REGINA: So they respond
to command and hierarchy.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
They're totally regimented.
They can't live without that.
They have to be told what
to do, when to do it,
and how to be continuously--
now, with the reptilians,
just so you know,
it's the women who
are the highest, most powerful.
The men work.
The women are the rulers
within the reptilian
and the draco reptilian races.
>>REGINA: And what
do they want with us?
>>MCDONALD: They feel
that the planet is theirs
and that they were here
first and that there
were wars that happened
and that we actually took
something that wasn't ours.
>>REGINA: And that's
interesting because they have
been here a very long time.
>>MCDONALD: That's true,
from what we can gather.
>>REGINA: From
what we understand.
I actually, and I don't know
what your hit on this is,
but I went on top of
the Bosnian Pyramid,
and I sat there by myself.
And I just said, what's here?
What's going on?
And I saw that those
were originally
reptilian constructions
for their own use.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, I
wouldn't doubt that.
>>REGINA: And that
they'd vacated it.
They'd left long ago.
They weren't colonizing
the area any longer,
but that they had been.
And they actually shut it down.
>>MCDONALD: I do
you sometimes think
that they have a legitimate
complaint that this land might
be something we
should be sharing.
But at the same
time, they did leave.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they left.
>>MCDONALD: And they
developed in a different way.
And it split among
themselves even.
The regular reptilians,
the draco reptilians,
they have different behaviors.
The dracos didn't stay here.
It was the other
reptilians that did.
But they did visit.
And they are related.
>>REGINA: So they have a
beef because they say, hey,
this is our land too.
But why interface with us?
>>MCDONALD: But
now-- well, they're
very interested in the
psychology of how we developed.
In fact, I recall
them saying something
like they're shocked at the
population of the planet
because we're like rabbits.
We populated the
planet so quickly.
That's what shocked them.
And so I can only
assume that they
don't procreate at the
same rate that we do right.
And all of the ETs all
have their own stuff.
And just because they
have more technology
does not make them superior.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCDONALD: They're not gods.
They're not going to save us.
We will save ourselves
when the time is right.
>>REGINA: You and I
are on the same page.
And we should never put down
what it is to be a human.
>>MCDONALD: That's right.
>>REGINA: I think
we're one of the most
interesting, sublime, confused,
amnesiac species out there,
perhaps.
But our potential for
love, creativity--
>>MCDONALD: Phenomenal.
>>REGINA: --is phenomenal.
>>MCDONALD: That's what we are.
>>REGINA: And this
is a garden of Eden--
>>MCDONALD: We're
great manifesters.
>>REGINA: --if we
quit trashing her.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
This is the deal.
We are co-creators of
this particular reality.
Everything in this studio,
everything you're wearing,
everything I'm wearing, these
are man-made, manufactured,
manifested from the
human thought process.
This is what we do.
We co-create, and
we're powerful beings.
And the number one
commonality among all
of the extraterrestrial races
is their interest in us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
We're a fascinating hybrid
species of our own kind, spirit
and flesh merging.
>>MCDONALD: We're
quite the reality show.
>>REGINA: We are indeed.
[LAUGHTER]
On that note, any other
quick thought you have?
Because we're out of time.
>>MCDONALD: No.
It's been just lovely.
Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: It really has.
Thank you so much, Laurie.
And I'm sure there'll be
people wanting to contact you,
so we'll tell them where to go.
OK?
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Thank you so much.
Absolutely fascinating, Laurie.
>>MCDONALD: Thank you.
>>REGINA: To learn more
about Laurie's work,
you can reach her
through OpusNetwork.org
or TrueYouHypnotherapy.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]